UX: version configuration (#5740)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/tendermint-core/running-in-production.md

# Running in production

> If you are running Tendermint in production make sure to use a tag instead of a branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building Tendermint from source for use in production, make sure to check out an appropriate Git tag instead of a branch.
```
